it's a beautiful night in Tekkit what
more can you ask a hard day of work
Sonic humping on me ah this is going to
be a nice night for the nuke factory
like uh morning guys what what what
outside it's not a guy so I'll teach you
for here today it's gonna be me and said
hunt alone us like Oscar you seriou I
say that part all right what's up guys
do so until deal mighty and saw a good
try though I mean it's me talking in the
video is not you douche not you and
shims gonna work I am a dude you are
pretty big one at times guys I gotta
admit something to you right now even it
or job he didn't meet the height
requirements for Tekkit and yeah Tekkit
decided to delete his world well what
happened was my hard drive externally in
a component broke and all the foils on
that got deleted and I didn't pack it up
cuz I told you there's the height
requirement shut up shit how many times
work to tell you um 20 million that yeah
there you go anyway just so you guys
update until none of you guys bitch we
are very shower we're gonna have to
restart the nuke factory I don't want to
start don't redo overs no redo overs oh
cool wait wait wait wait wait stop stop
look this is the sapling of light well
we good as I speed yeah where's where's
the sapling it's right here life right
here yeah well Sammy Sammy earning your
do she already got it started right here
this is our base this is where our
foundation that's the freaking spawn
actually that's what we all right you
meet this sapling sonic really need a
couple I need a cup no Sammy what did
that sampling do to you then they'll get
away get away get away your way to wait
give it a sapling life I know why I'm
going give it me now oh you want to play
that way you want to play that way Sammy
heard you're gonna get so dumb oh I got
a faster computer than you damn it I
can't run Oh
oh no I'm done I don't want to die
anyway oh he's breaking glass no that
was me that was me with the Ice Man you
guys had any real pay attention and the
moon but anyway we gotta restart frickin
Tekkit with the new factory so
everything we did we have to restart all
over and hopefully you guys don't hate
us for that but what we're gonna have to
do oh yeah yeah same i guarantee you
they do insert at you because you're
tall yeah is that is that is that a
short joke a short joke see me I think I
don't only one that no normal size no
you're not I'm the only normal sized
person here you're extremely tall and
Damien you're too short yeah yeah well
anyway let's make get a Shh what are you
doing a song like that night I'm am I
made its words for you guys let's say
you do it all right there we go so we
gotta restart Tekkit we spawn in a
tundra biome which is probably one of
the worst worst fucking biomes to start
off in Minecraft at least this one art
yeah at least this one has a trees I
like me to 30 you could provoke for
favre says mr. Nystrom yep oh god you
prevent forest fires how did you get all
that Kabul matter no message I had it I
ever join for someone a reason come
coffee with Sandy I'm just saying that
I'm gonna pretend that was meth meth is
the answer I didn't create the server
sorry yeah you grieved it that's why we
can't do it you bitch or I don't know
what some other worst things to say
about Sonic um some douche he's mexican
he's mexican you're mexican can in fact
i am latino oh god oh god there's a
freakin difference between latino and
mexican great now we're gonna have to go
parties against it I don't know what the
phrase Indians Oh
sonic this is a sexy house yep really
awesome oh there's my stuff well we
don't block it I need to get in yeah get
in before you claiming why did I get all
this cobblestone now there's like a
stack with the house it's like there's a
stack and then there's like 20 * chant
let me put the beds would I guess its
cobblestone this cheese we don't have my
inventory all right somewhat whatever
the fourth breast line comes on the
service gonna be sleep with me my
cobblestone fly it's gone I don't think
I why i wish' dude is dead it's fine it
just did and the laws of physics just
got broken yay sonic you broke the laws
of physics I'm gonna have to kill you
for that what the hell on the map it
looks like this is a tundra biome but
it's like all greens frickin rivers
that's so shy gotta go you gotta go yeah
517 well guys thank you for tuning in
for Tekkit for something silk item shirt
and I'm gonna probably get a million
dislikes in heitz but that's alright so
whatever you guys can do and whatever
you guys are feeling right now inside
your heart so terribly please post it in
the description description what please
post in the comments below yeah the
comments section below and if you guys
really do want us to continue with the
text series it cough cough we are still
god dude damn doing it we're going to
learn from our mistakes I'm backing up
my hard drive I'm not going to use that
an excuse anymore when I playing anymore
video games but anyway guys thank you
for staying tuned and thank you for not
raping me in the middle of the night
swear my daughters and maybe future wife
will live and we're going to see what
this breaks up from here from our sexy
home Shack redo over and we're gonna see
you guys later the stone Tony on Matt
and I'm signing le Adi uh and you guys
suck balls